*updated* RETRY Mixpanel legacy common error (#5149)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/mixpanel/index.md

**If a user has multiple external ids in Segment, what happens when they enter an audience or have a computed trait?**

Segment sends an `identify` or a  `track` call for each external on the user's account. For example, if a user has three email addresses, and you are sending `identify` calls for your audience, Engage sends three `identify` calls to Mixpanel and adds the latest email address to the user profile as the email “address of record” on the Mixpanel user profile.

**What happens if I receive the following error, "Timestamp must be within the last 5 years." and my timestamp is showing 1970-01-01?**

> The Segment PHP Library (2.1.0) version requires a UNIX timestamp. If you send anything other than a UNIX timestamp, it simply converts this to 0 which is the 01-01-1970 timestamp. If you are experiencing failed events due to this error and you have a connected PHP source, please update your version to 2.1.0. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Segment PHP Library (2.1.0) version requires a UNIX timestamp. If you send anything other than a UNIX timestamp, Segment converts this to the `1970-01-01` timestamp. If you're experiencing failed events due to this error and you have a connected PHP source, update your PHP Library version to 2.1.0. 
```
